Check out SVN inside of Git clone (#11)
felixarntz/wordpressdev: README.md

## Usage

> * WordPress core contributions can happen either via the `public/core-dev` directory (if you prefer to use git) or via the `public/trunk-svn` directory (if you prefer to use SVN).

Reviewer: Maybe better:
WordPress core contributions can happen via the `public/core-dev` directory which supports both git and SVN.

Reviewer: I think we should also add a few sub bullet-points to this one, explaining how you can sync the two with examples such as `git svn-up master` or `git svn-up 5.0`. We don't need to otherwise dive in how to use `git` or `SVN` in the readme since this should be a given, but this custom alias needs to be mentioned, and we should probably also say that it's a shortcut to running our custom script.

Author: Done in ea74377

* WordPress plugin and theme development should happen in `public/content`, which is a custom `wp-content` directory, decoupled from the WordPress core repository. The environment automatically takes care of setting WordPress constants appropriately so that the core and content directories are connected, so you don't need to worry about this.

> * By default, the website you open from the browser will run off the `public/core-dev/build` directory. If you prefer to use WordPress core from another directory (for example `public/trunk-svn/build`), you need to update the following configurations:

Reviewer: Let's replace the "for example" directory with `public/core-dev/src`, since that still applies and also covers another use-case people might be interested in.

Author: So:

```suggestion
* By default, the website you open from the browser will run off the `public/core-dev/build` directory. If you prefer to use WordPress core from another directory (for example `public/core-dev/src`), you need to update the following configurations:
```
